Add section to `v6.1.0` CHANGELOG entry calling out that the release has been withdrawn (#43234)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## 6.2.0 (Unreleased)
## 6.1.0 (June 26, 2025)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Terraform AWS Provider **v6.1.0** was withdrawn and [removed](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/43213) from the Terraform registry shortly after release due to a [significant bug](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/43199) that could not be remediated quickly.

Reviewer: Slight wording adjustment:

```suggestion
> Terraform AWS Provider version `v6.1.0` was [removed](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/43213) from the Terraform Registry shortly after release due to a [significant bug](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/issues/43199) that could not be remediated quickly.
>
> All changes originally included in the removed release will be included in version `v6.2.0`.
```
